"When Scrat accidentally provokes a continental cataclysm with a storm, Manny is separated from Ellie and Peaches on an iceberg with Diego, Sid and Granny but he promises that he will find a way to return home. While crossing the ocean, they are captured by the cruel pirate Captain Gutt and his crew. However they escape and Manny plots a plan to steal Captain Gutt's ship and return to his homeland in a dangerous voyage through the sea. But the cruel pirates seek revenge against Manny and his family and friends."
"Wreck-It Ralph longs to be as beloved as his game's perfect Good Guy, Fix-It Felix. Problem is, nobody loves a Bad Guy. But they do love heroes... so when a modern, first-person shooter game arrives featuring tough-as-nails Sergeant Calhoun, Ralph sees it as his ticket to heroism and happiness. He sneaks into the game with a simple plan -- win a medal -- but soon wrecks everything, and accidentally unleashes a deadly enemy that threatens every game in the arcade. Ralph's only hope? Vanellope von Schweetz, a young troublemaking ""glitch"" from a candy-coated cart racing game who might just be the one to teach Ralph what it means to be a Good Guy. But will he realize he is good enough to become a hero before it's ""Game Over"" for the entire arcade?"
"Through the use of stop motion/replacement animation I analyze how we are affected by visual media in our day to day, bringing still photos of my of own to life. Everyone is affected by photos differently, and this piece looks into why we're so entranced by the still image, how our perceptions of them differ, and whether or not this a good thing, all the while giving the viewer a small glimpse into my own life."
"""Collaging Film"" is a series of shorts dating back to 2007. Published NY artist and writer, Stephen Mead, started out fairly bare-bones when beginning to make films, an experimentation which he considered a sort of folk art. Eventually Stephen transitioned from the use of subtitles in his work to creating his own mp3s for soundtracks and effects, finally interweaving actual footage amid paintings and digitized images in hopes of creating a more engaging experience for the viewer. As a Folk Artist, mainly using Windows Movie Maker, a program on many-a-computer, Stephen enjoys the fact that most anyone can use this program to make films of their own. He also likes knowing that these films are ""low-tech Independents"", not subject to Studio Backing (!) and meant to be viewed on the small screens of televisions or computer monitors. Stephen feels this creates for a more intimate viewing experience that is perfect for the variety of themes found in his work. This second disc of Stephen Mead's shorts includes his music videos for the CD song cycle, ""Whispers of Arias, Volumes 1 and 2"". These include ""Rings"", a remembrance piece for 911, and ""Patroclus"", a homage to same-sex love. To round out the collection is ""Our Collage Life"" created for the ""It Gets Better"" project."
