"In the 1960s, Richard Kuklinski is working as a porn film lab tech until his mob bosses persuade him to change his career into that of a contract killer. For years, Kuklinski gains a reputation for cold blooded professionalism even as he raises a family who are kept in the dark about his true career. Unfortunately, mob politics ultimately forces him to secretly work independently with the psychopathic Robert 'Mr. Freezy' Pronge. As much as Kuklinski tries to keep his lives separate, circumstances and his own weaknesses threaten a terrible collision as the consequences of his choices finally catch up to him."
"In 1865, as the American Civil War winds inexorably toward conclusion, U.S. president Abraham Lincoln endeavors to achieve passage of the landmark constitutional amendment which will forever ban slavery from the United States. However, his task is a race against time, for peace may come at any time, and if it comes before the amendment is passed, the returning southern states will stop it before it can become law. Lincoln must, by almost any means possible, obtain enough votes from a recalcitrant Congress before peace arrives and it is too late. Yet the president is torn, as an early peace would save thousands of lives. As the nation confronts its conscience over the freedom of its entire population, Lincoln faces his own crisis of conscience -- end slavery or end the war."
"Born in the Borderland to a culture of Borderlines, Wendell was a product of his environment. Surfing the spiral between us and them, up and down, reality and fantasy, and space and time, he realized he had to remember what was dismembered to fully embrace and internalize uncertainty before he could become human and find his way back home."
"Through the use of stop motion/replacement animation I analyze how we are affected by visual media in our day to day, bringing still photos of my of own to life. Everyone is affected by photos differently, and this piece looks into why we're so entranced by the still image, how our perceptions of them differ, and whether or not this a good thing, all the while giving the viewer a small glimpse into my own life."
