'The Barden Bellas are a collegiate, all-girls a cappella singing group thriving on female pop songs and their perfect looks. After a disastrous failing at last year''s finals, they are forced to regroup. Among the new recruits is freshman Beca, an independent, aspiring DJ with no interest in the college life. But after she meets Jesse, from the rival all-male a cappella group, Beca has a new outlook and takes it upon herself to help the Bellas find their new look and sound and get back into the competition.'
'Mike Lane is a thirty-year old living in Tampa,Florida. By day he works as a roofer whilst at night, as Magic Mike, he is the star attraction of the Kings of Tampa, a group of male strippers. Secretly he wants out in order to further a projected furniture-making business but his credit rating precludes a bank loan for this despite his considerable savings. One night Adam, a teen-aged work-mate of Mike, follows him to the club and, when one of the acts is unable to go on,he is prevailed upon to strip - becoming a huge hit. However success goes to his head and his foolish actions not only threaten to jeopardize his sister Brooke''s relationship with Mike but Mike''s ambitions as well.'
'John makes a Christmas miracle happen by bringing his one and only friend to life, his teddy bear. The two grow up together and John must then choose to stay with his girlfriend or keep his friendship with his crude and extremely inappropriate teddy bear, Ted.'
'In high school, Schmidt (Jonah Hill) was a dork and Jenko (Channing Tatum) was the popular jock. After graduation, both of them joined the police force and ended up as partners riding bicycles in the city park. Since they are young and look like high school students, they are assigned to an undercover unit to infiltrate a drug ring that is supplying high school students synthetic drugs.'
'When Scrat accidentally provokes a continental cataclysm with a storm, Manny is separated from Ellie and Peaches on an iceberg with Diego, Sid and Granny but he promises that he will find a way to return home. While crossing the ocean, they are captured by the cruel pirate Captain Gutt and his crew. However they escape and Manny plots a plan to steal Captain Gutt''s ship and return to his homeland in a dangerous voyage through the sea. But the cruel pirates seek revenge against Manny and his family and friends.'
'Against medical advice and without the knowledge of her husband Pat Solatano Sr., caring Dolores Solatano discharges her adult son, Pat Solatano Jr., from a Maryland mental health institution after his minimum eight month court ordered stint. The condition of the release includes Pat Jr.''s moving back in with his parents in their Philadelphia home. Although Pat Jr.''s institutionalization was due to his beating up the lover of his wife Nikki, he was diagnosed with bipolar disorder. Nikki has since left him and has received a restraining order against him. Although he is on medication (which he doesn''t take because of the way it makes him feel) and has mandatory therapy sessions, Pat Jr. feels like he can manage on the outside solely by healthy living and looking for the "silver linings" in his life. His goals are to get his old job back as a substitute teacher, but more importantly reunite with Nikki. He finds there are certain instances where he doesn''t cope well, however no less so than some others who have never been institutionalized, such as his Philadelphia Eagles obsessed OCD father who has resorted to being a bookie to earn a living, his best friend Ronnie who quietly seethes over the control wielded by his wife Veronica, and Veronica''s widowed sister, Tiffany Maxwell, a recovering sex addict. In their fragile mental states, Pat Jr. and Tiffany embark on a love/hate friendship based primarily on what help the other can provide in achieving their individual goals. But they may reevaluate their goals as their relationship progresses.'
A shy senior and a down-to-earth junior fall in love over the weekend.
'Set on an island off the coast of New England in the 1960s, as a young boy and girl fall in love they are moved to run away together. Various factions of the town mobilize to search for them and the town is turned upside down -- which might not be such a bad thing.'
'Wreck-It Ralph longs to be as beloved as his game''s perfect Good Guy, Fix-It Felix. Problem is, nobody loves a Bad Guy. But they do love heroes... so when a modern, first-person shooter game arrives featuring tough-as-nails Sergeant Calhoun, Ralph sees it as his ticket to heroism and happiness. He sneaks into the game with a simple plan -- win a medal -- but soon wrecks everything, and accidentally unleashes a deadly enemy that threatens every game in the arcade. Ralph''s only hope? Vanellope von Schweetz, a young troublemaking "glitch" from a candy-coated cart racing game who might just be the one to teach Ralph what it means to be a Good Guy. But will he realize he is good enough to become a hero before it''s "Game Over" for the entire arcade?'
A high school biology teacher looks to become a successful mixed-martial arts fighter in an effort to raise money to prevent extra-curricular activities from being axed at his cash-strapped school.
'Five couples'' intertwined lives are turned upside down by the challenges of impending parenthood. Over the moon about starting a family, TV fitness guru Jules and dance show star Evan find that their high-octane celebrity lives don''t stand a chance against the surprise demands of pregnancy. Baby-crazy author and advocate Wendy gets a taste of her own militant mommy advice when pregnancy hormones ravage her body; while Wendy''s husband, Gary, struggles not to be outdone by his competitive alpha-Dad, who''s expecting twins with his much younger trophy wife, Skyler. Photographer Holly is prepared to travel the globe to adopt a child, but her husband Alex isn''t so sure, and tries to quiet his panic by attending a "dudes" support group, where new fathers get to tell it like it really is. And rival food truck chefs Rosie and Marco''s surprise hook-up results in an unexpected quandary: what to do when your first child comes before your first date?'
'Meet the Borgens. William Borgens is an acclaimed author who hasn''t written a word since his ex-wife Erica left him 3 years ago for another man. In between spying on Erica and casual romps with his married neighbour Tricia, Bill is dealing with the complexities of raising his teenage children Samantha and Rusty. Samantha is publishing her first novel and is determined to avoid love at all costs - after all she''s seen what it has done to her parents. In between hook ups, she meets "nice guy" Lou who will stop at nothing to win her over. Rusty, is an aspiring fantasy writer and Stephen King aficionado, who is on a quest to gain ''life experiences''. He falls for the beautiful, but troubled Kate and gets his first taste of love and a broken heart. A tale of family, love (lost and found), and how endings can make new beginnings. There are no rewrites in life, only second chances.'
'While still in his teens, Donny (Adam Sandler) fathered a son, Todd (Andy Samberg), and raised him as a single parent up until Todd''s 18th birthday. Now, after not seeing each other for years, Todd''s world comes crashing down on the eve of his wedding when an uninvited Donny suddenly shows up. Trying desperately to reconnect with his son, Donny is now forced to deal with the repercussions of his bad parenting skills.'
'In the year 1752, Joshua and Naomi Collins, with young son Barnabas, set sail from Liverpool, England to start a new life in America. But even an ocean was not enough to escape the mysterious curse that has plagued their family. Two decades pass and Barnabas (Johnny Depp) has the world at his feet-or at least the town of Collinsport, Maine. The master of Collinwood Manor, Barnabas is rich, powerful and an inveterate playboy...until he makes the grave mistake of breaking the heart of Angelique Bouchard (Eva Green). A witch, in every sense of the word, Angelique dooms him to a fate worse than death: turning him into a vampire, and then burying him alive. Two centuries later, Barnabas is inadvertently freed from his tomb and emerges into the very changed world of 1972. He returns to Collinwood Manor to find that his once-grand estate has fallen into ruin. The dysfunctional remnants of the Collins family have fared little better, each harboring their own dark secrets. Matriarch Elizabeth Collins Stoddard (Michelle Pfeiffer) has called upon live-in psychiatrist, Dr. Julia Hoffman (Helena Bonham Carter), to help with her family troubles.'
'Korea nowadays. On the unknown side of the K-POP bands wave : the K-ROCK Indy bands are moving a new generation of Koreans around the area of Hongdae, in Seoul. France, A French woman journalist meets Inhoo, the leader of ''Telefly'', a trendy Indy band. He is a guitarist, adores Hendrix. He is short on money, pressured by the society, but full of dreams. She planned to be a Human Right journalist working for NGO. In the crowded Hongdae''s clubs streets, a brief love story begins, full of music (''Vidulgy Ooyoo'', ''Juck Juck Grunzie''), and surrounded by the cruel reality of life. Is there a way to love outside of music?'
'A disgruntled psychologist, his karaoke-hosting secretary and their most screwed-up patient (who believes he''s a demon) set out to destroy a small town using the tools of mind control available on the Internet and a cultish karaoke night. Each one, with their minds set on different goals, create disarray and confusion while the town dances and sings their way into oblivion with the help of some pretty great tunes. This is playwright, musician, and actor Chris Churchill''s first absurd leap into the world of extremely low-budget film making. An extremely talented Chicago ensemble, including some of the best in Chicago comedy and some expert musicianship by Churchill and two members of the Irish rock band ''The Tossers'' makes this film a unique comedic treat.'
'A mockumentary where adult film star Jack Venice''s fans and co-workers are interviewed.'
A comic documentary on life among zoo animals.
A young man named Michael Purton (played by himself) has been invited to look after the isolated Undersmell Hotel for the summer while the manager is away on holiday...See full synopsis&nbsp;&raquo;
Hank lives the quiet life until a mysterious inheritance turns quiet into strange. A rhythmic character study propelled by a Jazz score.
The Agency is threatened when a terrorist organization devises an evil plot to control the world by capturing the Madame De Vascalles Sisters. Only Dirk Smirk and the Impossibly beautiful Captain Tremaine can save the day.
'The only male child in the family that sired six daughters, Prem has empathy towards the fair sex and decides to assist males to woo women so much so that he becomes popular as the ''Love Guru''. Amongst the men he assists are Bhaskar Chaudhry and Neil Bakshi. Klutz-like Bhaskar has fallen head over heels with his boss, a model and heiress, Priya Jaisingh. A disbelieving Prem refuses to assist him, but subsequently relents. Bhaskar uses his own charm to woo Priya successfully, and is introduced to her dad, Raj. Prem himself falls in love with a widowed single mother, Naina Shahani, a Journalist. Both men are satisfied with her respective lives not knowing that a scandalous secret will surface in the media - changing their lives forever.'
