"Bilbo Baggins is swept into a quest to reclaim the lost Dwarf Kingdom of Erebor from the fearsome dragon Smaug. Approached out of the blue by the wizard Gandalf the Grey, Bilbo finds himself joining a company of thirteen dwarves led by the legendary warrior, Thorin Oakenshield. Their journey will take them into the Wild; through treacherous lands swarming with Goblins and Orcs, deadly Wargs and Giant Spiders, Shapeshifters and Sorcerers. Although their goal lies to the East and the wastelands of the Lonely Mountain first they must escape the goblin tunnels, where Bilbo meets the creature that will change his life forever ... Gollum. Here, alone with Gollum, on the shores of an underground lake, the unassuming Bilbo Baggins not only discovers depths of guile and courage that surprise even him, he also gains possession of Gollum's ""precious"" ring that holds unexpected and useful qualities ... A simple, gold ring that is tied to the fate of all Middle-earth in ways Bilbo cannot begin to know."
"The final Twilight Saga begins with Bella now a vampire learning to use her abilities. And happy to see her daughter, Renesmee is flourishing. But when someone sees Renesmee do something that makes them think that she was turned. This person goes to the Volturi, because it is a violation to turn a child. And the penalty is death for both who turned the child into a vampire and the child, cause they deem a turned child too dangerous. Alice gets a vision of the Volturi coming after them. So the Cullens try to convince them that Renesmee is not a threat. So they ask friends and family to come stand with them. But when someone who has it in for the Volturi shows up and tells them they should be ready for a fight. And they get ready."
"John makes a Christmas miracle happen by bringing his one and only friend to life, his teddy bear. The two grow up together and John must then choose to stay with his girlfriend or keep his friendship with his crude and extremely inappropriate teddy bear, Ted."
"Peter Parker (Garfield) is an outcast high schooler who was abandoned by his parents as a boy, leaving him to be raised by his Uncle Ben (Sheen) and Aunt May (Field). Like most teenagers, Peter is trying to figure out who he is and how he got to be the person he is today. Peter is also finding his way with his first high school crush, Gwen Stacy (Stone), and together, they struggle with love, commitment, and secrets. As Peter discovers a mysterious briefcase that belonged to his father, he begins a quest to understand his parents' disappearance - leading him directly to Oscorp and the lab of Dr. Curt Connors (Ifans), his father's former partner. As Spider-Man is set on a collision course with Connors' alter-ego, The Lizard, Peter will make life-altering choices to use his powers and shape his destiny to become a hero."
"Snow White, imprisoned daughter of the late king, escapes just as the Magic Mirror declares her the source of the Evil Queen's immortality. The Queen sends her men, led by a local huntsman, to bring her back. But upon her capture, the huntsman finds he's being played and turns against the Queen's men, saving Snow White in the process. Meanwhile, Snow's childhood friend, William, learns that she is alive and sets off to save her."
"John Carter, a Civil War veteran, who in 1868 was trying to live a normal life, is ""asked"" by the Army to join, but he refuses so he is locked up. He escapes, and is pursued. Eventually they run into some Indians, and there's a gunfight. Carter seeks refuge in a cave. While there, he encounters someone who is holding some kind of medallion. When Carter touches it, he finds himself in a place where he can leap incredible heights, among other things. He later encounters beings he has never seen before. He meets a woman who helps him to discover that he is on Mars, and he learns there's some kind of unrest going on."
"A young man who appears to have to all meets the woman of his fantasy, they share a magical passion, till everything crashes for the young man. Their union stands, but unknown to him there is a much greater force at work. A grander scheming beyond his or her wildest imaginations."
"A disgruntled psychologist, his karaoke-hosting secretary and their most screwed-up patient (who believes he's a demon) set out to destroy a small town using the tools of mind control available on the Internet and a cultish karaoke night. Each one, with their minds set on different goals, create disarray and confusion while the town dances and sings their way into oblivion with the help of some pretty great tunes. This is playwright, musician, and actor Chris Churchill's first absurd leap into the world of extremely low-budget film making. An extremely talented Chicago ensemble, including some of the best in Chicago comedy and some expert musicianship by Churchill and two members of the Irish rock band 'The Tossers' makes this film a unique comedic treat."
"Born in the Borderland to a culture of Borderlines, Wendell was a product of his environment. Surfing the spiral between us and them, up and down, reality and fantasy, and space and time, he realized he had to remember what was dismembered to fully embrace and internalize uncertainty before he could become human and find his way back home."
"Long on the Island is a psychological thriller in the tradition of HP Lovecraft. With an original screenplay, Long on the Island launches a fertility goddess into a haunting place where the..."
A young man named Michael Purton (played by himself) has been invited to look after the isolated Undersmell Hotel for the summer while the manager is away on holiday...See full synopsis&nbsp;&raquo;
