"True-crime writer Ellison Oswalt moves himself and his family into a house where an horrific crime took place earlier, but his family doesn't know. He begins researching the crime, so that he can write a new book about it - to help his flailing career. He uses some ""snuff"" film footage he finds in the house to help him in his research, but he soon finds more than he bargained for. There is a figure in each of the films, but who or what is it? As a result, his family start to suffer (as does he), and things take a turn for the worse. Will they survive?"
"Five teenagers head off for a weekend at a secluded cabin in the woods. They arrive to find they are quite isolated with no means of communicating with the outside world. When the cellar door flings itself open, they of course go down to investigate. They find an odd assortment of relics and curios, but when one of the women, Dana, reads from a book, she awakens a family of deadly zombie killers. However, there's far more going on than meets the eye, as the five campers are all under observation."
"In the year 1752, Joshua and Naomi Collins, with young son Barnabas, set sail from Liverpool, England to start a new life in America. But even an ocean was not enough to escape the mysterious curse that has plagued their family. Two decades pass and Barnabas (Johnny Depp) has the world at his feet-or at least the town of Collinsport, Maine. The master of Collinwood Manor, Barnabas is rich, powerful and an inveterate playboy...until he makes the grave mistake of breaking the heart of Angelique Bouchard (Eva Green). A witch, in every sense of the word, Angelique dooms him to a fate worse than death: turning him into a vampire, and then burying him alive. Two centuries later, Barnabas is inadvertently freed from his tomb and emerges into the very changed world of 1972. He returns to Collinwood Manor to find that his once-grand estate has fallen into ruin. The dysfunctional remnants of the Collins family have fared little better, each harboring their own dark secrets. Matriarch Elizabeth Collins Stoddard (Michelle Pfeiffer) has called upon live-in psychiatrist, Dr. Julia Hoffman (Helena Bonham Carter), to help with her family troubles."
"In London, lawyer Arthur Kipps still grieves the death of his beloved wife Stella on the delivery of their son Joseph four years ago. His employer gives him a last chance to keep his job, and he is assigned to travel to the remote village of Cryphin Gifford to examine the documentation of the Eel Marsh House that belonged to the recently deceased Mrs. Drablow. Arthur befriends Daily on the train and the man offers a ride to him to the Gifford Arms inn. Arthur has a cold reception and the owner of the inn tells that he did not receive the request of reservation and there is no available room. The next morning, Arthur meets solicitor Jerome who advises him to return to London. However, Arthur goes to the isolated manor and soon he finds that Eel Marsh House is haunted by the vengeful ghost of a woman dressed in black. He also learns that the woman lost her son drowned in the marsh and she seeks revenge, taking the children of the scared locals."
"A mysterious traveler infiltrates a dangerous underground organization. Gabriel Black, a traveler, journeys into San Antonio where he encounters The Wendagora, a spirit, who leads him to a mysterious coffeehouse, The Pink Iguana, where he meets Isis, an underground goddess, whose dangerous 'father' owns a private school for the arts which makes peculiar 'sponsored' movies. The traveler infiltrates this strange underground society from which, when discovered, he must flee for his life. A film written, produced, and directed by Ross Wells, lensed on location in San Antonio and Galveston, Texas; Cloudcroft, New Mexico; and Columbus, Georgia."
Yannick has to deal with the haunting by himself. He provides a plan to try to solve the more of the unknown mystery.
"A young man who appears to have to all meets the woman of his fantasy, they share a magical passion, till everything crashes for the young man. Their union stands, but unknown to him there is a much greater force at work. A grander scheming beyond his or her wildest imaginations."
"Long on the Island is a psychological thriller in the tradition of HP Lovecraft. With an original screenplay, Long on the Island launches a fertility goddess into a haunting place where the..."
A young man named Michael Purton (played by himself) has been invited to look after the isolated Undersmell Hotel for the summer while the manager is away on holiday...See full synopsis&nbsp;&raquo;
"A Modern Frankenstein Film, set in New York City, where a former cop, a medical examiner and a online journalist must discover the terrifying secret behind a serial killer's actions that hold the Big Apple in a constant state of fear."
"Claudia Piovani, and artist and photographer, has a strange and unexplainable spiritual encounter. From then on she has strange dreams and visions. Is she going crazy or is she being contacted by a spirit from another world?"
