"The Barden Bellas are a collegiate, all-girls a cappella singing group thriving on female pop songs and their perfect looks. After a disastrous failing at last year's finals, they are forced to regroup. Among the new recruits is freshman Beca, an independent, aspiring DJ with no interest in the college life. But after she meets Jesse, from the rival all-male a cappella group, Beca has a new outlook and takes it upon herself to help the Bellas find their new look and sound and get back into the competition."
"Jean Valjean, known as Prisoner 24601, is released from prison and breaks parole to create a new life for himself while evading the grip of the persistent Inspector Javert. Set in post-revolutionary France, the story reaches resolution against the background of the June Rebellion."
"Korea nowadays. On the unknown side of the K-POP bands wave : the K-ROCK Indy bands are moving a new generation of Koreans around the area of Hongdae, in Seoul. France, A French woman journalist meets Inhoo, the leader of 'Telefly', a trendy Indy band. He is a guitarist, adores Hendrix. He is short on money, pressured by the society, but full of dreams. She planned to be a Human Right journalist working for NGO. In the crowded Hongdae's clubs streets, a brief love story begins, full of music ('Vidulgy Ooyoo', 'Juck Juck Grunzie'), and surrounded by the cruel reality of life. Is there a way to love outside of music?"
"A disgruntled psychologist, his karaoke-hosting secretary and their most screwed-up patient (who believes he's a demon) set out to destroy a small town using the tools of mind control available on the Internet and a cultish karaoke night. Each one, with their minds set on different goals, create disarray and confusion while the town dances and sings their way into oblivion with the help of some pretty great tunes. This is playwright, musician, and actor Chris Churchill's first absurd leap into the world of extremely low-budget film making. An extremely talented Chicago ensemble, including some of the best in Chicago comedy and some expert musicianship by Churchill and two members of the Irish rock band 'The Tossers' makes this film a unique comedic treat."
