"This film is set in 2093 and takes place in the same universe as the 'Alien' movies. A group of explorers, including some archaeologists, are on an ""undisclosed"" mission. They arrive at a planet millions of miles away from Earth. The team spot what they believe to be signs of civilization. They go to investigate and find more than just signs, they find conclusive evidence. But some of them have an ulterior motive for being there, including the Weyland Corporation. They believe that this is where the human race actually came from. Things soon turn from excitement to survival once inside their discovery."
"True-crime writer Ellison Oswalt moves himself and his family into a house where an horrific crime took place earlier, but his family doesn't know. He begins researching the crime, so that he can write a new book about it - to help his flailing career. He uses some ""snuff"" film footage he finds in the house to help him in his research, but he soon finds more than he bargained for. There is a figure in each of the films, but who or what is it? As a result, his family start to suffer (as does he), and things take a turn for the worse. Will they survive?"
"Five teenagers head off for a weekend at a secluded cabin in the woods. They arrive to find they are quite isolated with no means of communicating with the outside world. When the cellar door flings itself open, they of course go down to investigate. They find an odd assortment of relics and curios, but when one of the women, Dana, reads from a book, she awakens a family of deadly zombie killers. However, there's far more going on than meets the eye, as the five campers are all under observation."
"Matt Weston (Ryan Reynolds) is a CIA rookie who is manning a safe house in Cape Town, South Africa, when Tobin Frost (Denzel Washington) the CIA's most wanted rogue agent is captured and taken to the safe house. During Frost's interrogation, the safe house is overtaken by mercenaries who want Frost. Weston and Frost escape and must stay out of the gunmen's sight until they can get to another safe house."
"In an innocent heartland city, five are shot dead by an expert sniper. The police quickly identify and arrest the culprit, and build a slam-dunk case. But instead of confessing, the accused man writes the words, ""Get Jack Reacher."" Reacher himself sees the news report and turns up in the city. The defense is immensely relieved, but Reacher has come to bury the guy. Shocked at the accused's request, Reacher sets out to confirm for himself the absolute certainty of the man's guilt, but comes up with more than he bargained for."
"Seduced by the haunting beauty of a remote marsh, a lone photographer finds himself at the center of a deadly mystery."
"A plot to assassinate the Vice President takes a wrong turn when the hit man, Sphinx, fails to show up and an unsuspecting cab driver gets caught in a tangled web of deception and betrayal."
"Claudia Piovani, and artist and photographer, has a strange and unexplainable spiritual encounter. From then on she has strange dreams and visions. Is she going crazy or is she being contacted by a spirit from another world?"
